Picker Upper. >>> IN 1974 WHEN IMPEACHMENT
>>> IN 1974 WHEN IMPEACHMENT ARTICLES WERE DRAFTED, THE HOUSE
ARTICLES WERE DRAFTED, THE HOUSE ACCUSED NIXON OF I PROVEAPPROVIN
ACCUSED NIXON OF I PROVEAPPROVIN COUNSELING WITNESSES WITH THE
COUNSELING WITNESSES WITH THE RESPECT OCHOTO GIVING FALSE AND
RESPECT OCHOTO GIVING FALSE AND MISLEADING STATEMENTS.
MISLEADING STATEMENTS. SAY IT AGAIN IN ’98 WHEN IT WAS
SAY IT AGAIN IN ’98 WHEN IT WAS DRAWN UP AGAINST BILL CLINTON
DRAWN UP AGAINST BILL CLINTON AND EFFORTS TO INFLUENCE THE
AND EFFORTS TO INFLUENCE THE TESTIMONY OF WITNESSES AND ILL
TESTIMONY OF WITNESSES AND ILL PAID THE DISCOVERY OF EVIDENCE.
PAID THE DISCOVERY OF EVIDENCE. COUNSELING WITNESSES TO LIE.
COUNSELING WITNESSES TO LIE. IT’S AGAINST THE LAW AND ALSO
IT’S AGAINST THE LAW AND ALSO DOCUMENTED IN THE HISTORY BOOKS
DOCUMENTED IN THE HISTORY BOOKS MORE THAN ONCE AS GROUNDS FOR
MORE THAN ONCE AS GROUNDS FOR IMPEACHMENT AGAINST A SITTING
IMPEACHMENT AGAINST A SITTING PRESIDENT, WHICH MEANS IF YOU
PRESIDENT, WHICH MEANS IF YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT OR PERHAPS ONE
ARE THE PRESIDENT OR PERHAPS ONE OF THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS, YOU
OF THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS, YOU MIGHT HAVE HAD SOME ALARM BELLS
MIGHT HAVE HAD SOME ALARM BELLS GOING OFF GIVEN WHAT MICHAEL
GOING OFF GIVEN WHAT MICHAEL COHEN JUST SAID TO CONGRESS.
COHEN JUST SAID TO CONGRESS. >> ON PAGE 5 OF YOUR STATEMENT,
>> ON PAGE 5 OF YOUR STATEMENT, YOU SAY AND I QUOTE, YOU NEED TO
YOU SAY AND I QUOTE, YOU NEED TO KNOW THAT MR. TRUMP’S PERSONAL
KNOW THAT MR. TRUMP’S PERSONAL LAWYERS REVIEWED AND EDITED MY
LAWYERS REVIEWED AND EDITED MY STATEMENT TO CONGRESS ABOUT THE
STATEMENT TO CONGRESS ABOUT THE TIMING OF THE MOSCOW TOWER
TIMING OF THE MOSCOW TOWER NEGOTIATIONS.
NEGOTIATIONS. WHO WERE THOSE ATTORNEYS?
WHO WERE THOSE ATTORNEYS? >> JAY -- FROM THE WHITE HOUSE?
>> JAY -- FROM THE WHITE HOUSE? >> YES.
>> YES. >> JAY AND ABBY LOW.
>> JAY AND ABBY LOW. >> DO YOU HAVE A STATEMENT?
>> DO YOU HAVE A STATEMENT? >> I CAN TRY TO GET THAT FOR
>> I CAN TRY TO GET THAT FOR YOU.
YOU. >> HAVING THE ORIGINAL STATEMENT
>> HAVING THE ORIGINAL STATEMENT MEANS YOU CAN COMPARE IT TO WHAT
MEANS YOU CAN COMPARE IT TO WHAT HE DELIVERED WHICH WILL TELL YOU
HE DELIVERED WHICH WILL TELL YOU WHAT THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS
WHAT THE PRESIDENT’S LAWYERS ADVISED HIM TO CHANGE.
ADVISED HIM TO CHANGE. GULP.
GULP. JOINING US NOW IS LANNY DAVIS,
JOINING US NOW IS LANNY DAVIS, MICHAEL COHEN’S LEGAL ADVISOR,
MICHAEL COHEN’S LEGAL ADVISOR, MR. DAVIS, I REALLY APPRECIATE
MR. DAVIS, I REALLY APPRECIATE YOU BEING HERE TONIGHT.
YOU BEING HERE TONIGHT. I KNOW YOU’VE BEEN HAVING A BUSY
I KNOW YOU’VE BEEN HAVING A BUSY WEEK.
WEEK. >> FIRST OF ALL, THIS IS THE
>> FIRST OF ALL, THIS IS THE SECOND TIME, RACHEL, MY FIRST
SECOND TIME, RACHEL, MY FIRST OUT OF THE BOX AFTER INTENSE
OUT OF THE BOX AFTER INTENSE MICHAEL COHEN EXPERIENCE IS YOUR
MICHAEL COHEN EXPERIENCE IS YOUR SHOW, SO MAYBE WE’LL GO FOR A
SHOW, SO MAYBE WE’LL GO FOR A THIRD ONE.
THIRD ONE. >> MAYBE WE’LL MAKE THIS A
>> MAYBE WE’LL MAKE THIS A TRADITION.
TRADITION. LET ME ASK YOU ABOUT THE
LET ME ASK YOU ABOUT THE INTENSITY OF MR. COHEN’S
INTENSITY OF MR. COHEN’S EXPERIENCE RIGHT NOW.
EXPERIENCE RIGHT NOW. WE SAW HE SPOKE WITH THE HOUSE
WE SAW HE SPOKE WITH THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE TODAY
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE TODAY BEHIND CLOSED DOORS BUT THEN
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS BUT THEN THEY ANNOUNCED HE’S COMING BACK
THEY ANNOUNCED HE’S COMING BACK NEXT WEEK.
NEXT WEEK. HAD THAT BEEN THE ORIGINAL PLAN
HAD THAT BEEN THE ORIGINAL PLAN OR WAS THAT CHANGE MADE TODAY?
OR WAS THAT CHANGE MADE TODAY? >> IT WAS NOT THE ORIGINAL PLAN.
>> IT WAS NOT THE ORIGINAL PLAN. IN A WAY, MICHAEL WAS MORE
IN A WAY, MICHAEL WAS MORE EFFECTIVE TODAY THAN HE EVEN WAS
EFFECTIVE TODAY THAN HE EVEN WAS YESTERDAY WHEN HE EXCEEDED ALL
YESTERDAY WHEN HE EXCEEDED ALL OF OUR EXPECTATIONS IN WORKING
OF OUR EXPECTATIONS IN WORKING WITH HIM BECAUSE TODAY NEW
WITH HIM BECAUSE TODAY NEW INFORMATION WAS DEVELOPED THAT
INFORMATION WAS DEVELOPED THAT REALLY COULD BE GAME CHANGING
REALLY COULD BE GAME CHANGING AND CHAIRMAN SCHIFF PRAISED HIM
AND CHAIRMAN SCHIFF PRAISED HIM FOR HONESTY AND FORTHRIGHTNESS
FOR HONESTY AND FORTHRIGHTNESS AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF THIS
AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF THIS INFORMATION IS THE REASON HE’S
INFORMATION IS THE REASON HE’S COMING BACK NEXT WEDNESDAY.
COMING BACK NEXT WEDNESDAY. >> OBVIOUSLY, YOU CAN’T TELL US
>> OBVIOUSLY, YOU CAN’T TELL US IN DETAIL ABOUT THE NATURE OF
IN DETAIL ABOUT THE NATURE OF THE TESTIMONY, THAT’S WHY IT WAS
THE TESTIMONY, THAT’S WHY IT WAS BEHIND CLOSED DOORS BUT IN
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS BUT IN GENERAL TERMS WHEN YOU SAY NEW
GENERAL TERMS WHEN YOU SAY NEW INFORMATION, IS THIS CORE TO THE
INFORMATION, IS THIS CORE TO THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION OR KINDS OF
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION OR KINDS OF THINGS HE TALKED ABOUT IN DETAIL
THINGS HE TALKED ABOUT IN DETAIL YESTERDAY?
YESTERDAY? >> I WOULD SAY IT’S NOT CORE TO
>> I WOULD SAY IT’S NOT CORE TO THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION BUT MR.
THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION BUT MR. TRUMP HAS MISSED THE BIG
TRUMP HAS MISSED THE BIG PICTURE.
PICTURE. THERE IS PLENTY OF EVIDENCE OF A
THERE IS PLENTY OF EVIDENCE OF A CONSPIRACY TO COLLUDE WITH
CONSPIRACY TO COLLUDE WITH RUSSIA.
RUSSIA. BUT THIS IS ABOUT LYING AND
BUT THIS IS ABOUT LYING AND OBSTRUCTION EVIDENCE AND I THINK
OBSTRUCTION EVIDENCE AND I THINK THAT THE TRUMP WHITE HOUSE AND
THAT THE TRUMP WHITE HOUSE AND MR. TRUMP HIMSELF DOESN’T SEEM
MR. TRUMP HIMSELF DOESN’T SEEM TO HAVE READ THE DEFINITION OF
TO HAVE READ THE DEFINITION OF OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE OR OF
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE OR OF SURGE
SURGE PERJURY AND THAT’S ABOUT THE
PERJURY AND THAT’S ABOUT THE BEST I CAN TELL YOU.
BEST I CAN TELL YOU. IT’S PRETTY EXPLOSIVE.
IT’S PRETTY EXPLOSIVE. >> ON THE ISSUE OF POTENTIALLY
>> ON THE ISSUE OF POTENTIALLY PERJURY, I PLAYED THAT SHORT
PERJURY, I PLAYED THAT SHORT SEGMENT BACK WHERE MR. COHEN HAD
SEGMENT BACK WHERE MR. COHEN HAD THE BACK AND FORTH WITH JACKIE
THE BACK AND FORTH WITH JACKIE SPEAR AND SHE ASKED IF HE WOULD
SPEAR AND SHE ASKED IF HE WOULD BE ABLE TO PROVIDE THE INITIAL
BE ABLE TO PROVIDE THE INITIAL FIRST DRAFT OF THE LETTER HE
FIRST DRAFT OF THE LETTER HE WROTE TO THE INTELLIGENCE
WROTE TO THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE IN 2017 THAT WAS THE
COMMITTEE IN 2017 THAT WAS THE BASIS OF HIS GUILTY PLEA HE
BASIS OF HIS GUILTY PLEA HE PROVIDED FALSE INFORMATION TO
PROVIDED FALSE INFORMATION TO CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. HOW SHOULD WE UNDERSTAND THE
HOW SHOULD WE UNDERSTAND THE IMPORTANCE OF THAT AND WHAT MR.
IMPORTANCE OF THAT AND WHAT MR. COHEN WAS OFFERING?
COHEN WAS OFFERING? >> THANK YOU FOR ASKING BECAUSE
>> THANK YOU FOR ASKING BECAUSE IF CONGRESSWOMAN SPEAR HADN’T
IF CONGRESSWOMAN SPEAR HADN’T ASKED THAT QUESTION YESTERDAY I
ASKED THAT QUESTION YESTERDAY I COULDN’T RESPOND BECAUSE OF THE
COULDN’T RESPOND BECAUSE OF THE GROUND RULES OF AN INTELLIGENCE
GROUND RULES OF AN INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE BRIEFING BUT YES,
COMMITTEE BRIEFING BUT YES, THERE WILL BE AN ADDITIONAL
THERE WILL BE AN ADDITIONAL AMOUNT OF INFORMATION COMPARING
AMOUNT OF INFORMATION COMPARING THE FIRST DRAFT THAT MICHAEL
THE FIRST DRAFT THAT MICHAEL WROTE AND THE REITERATIONS
WROTE AND THE REITERATIONS CALLED RED LINES THAT A
CALLED RED LINES THAT A COLLECTIVE GROUP OF LAWYERS
COLLECTIVE GROUP OF LAWYERS CALLED MEMBERS OF A JOINT
CALLED MEMBERS OF A JOINT DEFENSE AGREEMENT.
DEFENSE AGREEMENT. AND THEN THE FINAL ITERATION
AND THEN THE FINAL ITERATION CONTAINED
CONTAINED FALSE STATEMENT NOT ONLY BY
FALSE STATEMENT NOT ONLY BY MICHAEL, THAT HE DID KNOW
MICHAEL, THAT HE DID KNOW RUSSIAN MOSCOW TOWER ACTIVITY
RUSSIAN MOSCOW TOWER ACTIVITY AFTER THE IOWA CAUCUSES.
AFTER THE IOWA CAUCUSES. AND LET ME JUST TELL YOU ONE
AND LET ME JUST TELL YOU ONE EXAMPLE.
EXAMPLE. SO DONALD TRUMP WOULD HAVE A
SO DONALD TRUMP WOULD HAVE A RALLY AFTER THE IOWA CAUCUSES
RALLY AFTER THE IOWA CAUCUSES THE CAMPAIGN BEGINS, AS WE ALL
THE CAMPAIGN BEGINS, AS WE ALL KNOW.
KNOW. AND HE’D BE AT A RALLY TELLING
AND HE’D BE AT A RALLY TELLING EVERYBODY NO RUSSIA, NO
EVERYBODY NO RUSSIA, NO DISCUSSIONS, NO COLLUSION, NO
DISCUSSIONS, NO COLLUSION, NO RUSSIA.
RUSSIA. AND HIS RALLY CROWD WOULD CHEER
AND HIS RALLY CROWD WOULD CHEER AND BELIEVE HIM.
AND BELIEVE HIM. WITHIN A FEW MINUTES HE’D BE
WITHIN A FEW MINUTES HE’D BE WALKING OUT OF THAT RALLY AND HE
WALKING OUT OF THAT RALLY AND HE WOULD TURN TO MICHAEL AND SAY SO
WOULD TURN TO MICHAEL AND SAY SO WHAT’S GOING ON IN RUSSIA?
WHAT’S GOING ON IN RUSSIA? WHAT’S GOING ON IN MOSCOW?
WHAT’S GOING ON IN MOSCOW? IT WAS THAT BLATANT.
IT WAS THAT BLATANT. AND THAT MUCH IS IN THE PUBLIC
AND THAT MUCH IS IN THE PUBLIC RECORD AND THERE WILL BE MORE
RECORD AND THERE WILL BE MORE DEVELOPED NEXT WEDNESDAY AT THE
DEVELOPED NEXT WEDNESDAY AT THE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE.
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE. >> MR. DAVIS, CAN YOU STICK WITH
>> MR. DAVIS, CAN YOU STICK WITH US FOR JUST ONE SECOND?
US FOR JUST ONE SECOND? I HAVE A CLARIFICATION I WANT TO
I HAVE A CLARIFICATION I WANT TO ASK YOU ON THAT SPECIFIC POINT
ASK YOU ON THAT SPECIFIC POINT AND ONE OTHER THING I WANT TO
AND ONE OTHER THING I WANT TO ASK YOU.